Replaced legacy docker links with network (#2190)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: README.md

pytest
```

## Docker tips and tricks

> Docker can simplify the development of Scout as it offers a protable configuration-free environment with all dependancies included. However the default `docker-compose.yml` file are optimized for development. You can extend the included compose file with your own custom configuration, for more information see [https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/][extend compose files]. The following are an example configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker can simplify the development of Scout as it offers a portable configuration-free environment with all dependancies included. However the default `docker-compose.yml` file is not optimized for development. You can extend the included compose file with your own custom configuration, for more information see [https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/][extend compose files]. The following are an example configuration.
```

Reviewer: Nice!
